# Install Streamlit

There are multiple ways to set up your development environment and install Streamlit. Developing locally with Python installed on your own computer is the most common scenario.

*star*

#### Tip

Try a Streamlit Playground that runs in your browser — no installation required.
(Note that this is not how Streamlit is meant to be used, because it has many downsides. That's why it's a
*playground*!)

*arrow_forward*Instructions for the playground

## Summary for experienced Python developers

-
To set up your Python environment and test your installation, execute the following terminal commands:

Terminal`pip install streamlit streamlit hello`

-
Jump to our Basic concepts.


## Install Streamlit on your machine

### Option 1: I like the command line

Install Streamlit on your own machine using tools like `venv`

and `pip`

.

*arrow_forward*Instructions for the command line

### Option 2: I prefer a graphical interface

Install Streamlit using the Anaconda Distribution graphical user interface. This is also the best approach if you're on Windows or don't have Python set up.

*arrow_forward*Instructions for Anaconda Distribution

## Create an app in the cloud

### Option 1: I want a free cloud environment

Use Streamlit Community Cloud with GitHub Codespaces so you don't have to go through the trouble of installing Python and setting up an environment.

*arrow_forward*Instructions for GitHub Codespaces

### Option 2: I need something secure, controlled, and in the cloud

Use Streamlit in Snowflake to code your apps in the cloud, right alongside your data with role-based access controls.

*arrow_forward*Instructions for Snowflake

*arrow_back*Previous: Get started

*arrow_forward*Next: Use Streamlit Playground

*forum*

### Still have questions?

Our forums are full of helpful information and Streamlit experts.